Fundamental distinction between Supervised Machine Learning and Unsupervised Machine Learning:

The idea is that supervised machine learning has well understood and specific features as its target labels, whereas unsupervised machine learning has
very general features (fundamental features) as its target labels. This is because supervised machine learning usually considers datasets that we already 
have detailed knowledge of, so we make predictions on specific target feature(s). Whereas in unsupervised machine learning, we consider datasets to which 
we don't have detailed knowledge of or if we only care about the general structure of the dataset, thus we make predictions on general target features(s).

The predicted/output value of supervised machine learning is/are "labels" of objects, which are features of objects. 
These features can be partitioned into two categories. Features which are possessed within the object itself or features which are not possessed 
within the object itself (features relative to other objects). By features possessed within the object itself, I mean property of the object that 
can be attained when considering the object without its relation to other objects. E.g. color of an object, size of an object. But not say, cluster 
of object it belongs to, or distance to the nearest object. 

The latter type (relative features) are the most basic and universal features, because it is based on space and time which are our intuitions - 
it can be known unconditionally. E.g. Clustering (closeness of objects in space such that different clumps or clusters are considered unique sets). 

Target features or "labels" in supervised machine learning can be both types. 

Target features or "labels" in unsupervised machine learning is the latter type, because the problem posed by unsupervised machine learning premises 
that we don't know which target feature our objects possess, so really the only types of features we can know are the 'relative features' or 
space-time features which can be known unconditionally. 